you
hi I'm Billy Imperial with the Ernie
Ball musicman company here at Sweetwater
to talk about the Albert Lea h/h model
this Albert Lea HHH model features a
lightweight African mahogany body and in
all rosewood neck finished in gun stock
oil to hand rub that's 25 and a half
scale compensated nuts large fret
markers compared to the smaller ones on
the regular Albert Lea model we've got
Schaller locking tuners which stay
perfectly in tune when using The Music
Man
vintage trim which is set for just
downward motion you can't pull up on it
which is great because if you break a
string you don't go out of tune the
pickups on this guitar are custom wound
DiMarzio 'z and we've got a volume and a
tone 5 way lever switch so the positions
of the switch when you're back here you
get the full humbucker as you move
forward you get these outer coils in the
middle both pickups are going here you
got the two inner coils and then the
neck pickup I'll play some examples and
go through these sounds so here is the
bridge humbucker
as we move up we get those outer coils
both humbuckers
next position forward we've got the
inner coils
and the neck pickup
that was on a dirty setting through this
Bogner shiva and a bit of delay from a
TC Electronics flashback I'll go to a
clean setting now turn off the delay and
give you an idea what it sounds like
with the clean sound so we'll stay there
at the neck to inter close both
humbuckers two outer coils and the
bridge
the front pickup here is got a nice the
middle position gets you both some of
the high end from this pickup and the
low end from this one it kind of cuts
through the sound really nicely the back
of the guitar here you see the access to
change the string so the trim cover five
bolt neck joint nice sculpted heel for
easy access and you can get a look at
the all Rosewood neck here these are
really nice and each one is unique and
looks different really good feeling
creates a nice amount of sustain and
warmth to the tone for more information
about this guitar or any other ernie
ball music men product please contact
your Sweetwater sales engineer